Update Deployment and Development docs based on new auth changes (#362)
tektoncd/hub: docs/DEPLOYMENT.md

This will create the deployment, secret, configmap and a NodePort service to expose the API server.

#### Verify if api route is accessible

For `OpenShift`:-

```bash
curl -k -X GET $(oc get -n tekton-hub routes api --template='https://{{ .spec.host }}/v1/categories')
```

> NOTE: At this moment, there are no resources in the db. Only the tags and categories from hub config are added in the db.

Reviewer: there are no tags in config of Hub

Let's deploy the UI first and then we will add the resources in db.

## Deploy UI

### Setup Route or Ingress

After the deployment is done successfully, we need to expose the URL to access the UI.

- If deploying on OpenShift:-

  ```bash
  kubectl apply -f 04-openshift/41-ui-route.yaml -n tekton-hub
  ```

- If deploying on Kubernetes:-

    - Create the secret containing tls cert and tls key

      ```bash
      kubectl create secret tls ui-hub-tekton-dev-tls --cert=path/to/cert/file --key=path/to/key/file -n tekton-hub
      ```

    - Apply the Ingress

      ```bash
      kubectl apply -f 04-kubernetes/41-ui-ingress.yaml -n tekton-hub
      ```

### Update UI ConfigMap

> Edit `config/10-config.yaml` and by setting the API URL, Oauth URL and Redirect URL.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Edit `config/03-ui/30-ui--config.yaml` and by setting the API URL, Oauth URL and Redirect URL.
```

  namespace: tekton-hub
data:
  API_URL: API URL   <<< Update this by API url
  API_VERSION: API VERSION  <<< Update this by API version (For e.g-"v1")
  AUTH_BASE_URL: OAUTH URL << Update this by oauth url

>   REDIRECT_URI: UI URL << Update this ui url

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  REDIRECT_URI: UI URL << Update this by ui url
```
